README.md, before:

Demeteorizer
============

[![NPM version](https://badge.fury.io/js/demeteorizer.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/demeteorizer) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/onmodulus/demeteorizer.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/onmodulus/demeteorizer)

CLI tool to convert a Meteor app into a "standard" Node.js application. The
resulting app contains a package.json file with all required dependencies and
can be easily ported to your own servers or
[Node.js PAAS providers](https://github.com/joyent/node/wiki/Node-Hosting).

Demeteorizer's output is similar to `meteor bundle` except that it generates a
package.json containing all required dependencies. This allows you to easily
run `npm install` on the destination server, which is especially important for
compiled modules.

## Installing
    $ npm install -g demeteorizer

## Usage
    $ cd /path/to/meteor/app
    $ demeteorizer [options]

    -h, --help                    output usage information
    -V, --version                 output the version number
    -o, --output <path>           Output folder for converted application. Defaults to ./.demeteorized.
    -r, --release <version>       The Meteor version. Defaults to latest installed.
    -t, --tarball <path>          Output tarball path. If specified, creates a tar.gz of demeteorized application instead of directory.
    -a, --app_name <name>         Value to put in the package.json name field. Defaults to the current directory name.
    -d, --debug                   Bundle in debug mode (don't minify, etc).

## Meteor 0.8.1 and Below

Meteor version 0.8.1 and below are only supported in Demeteorizer version
v0.9.0 and Modulus CLI v1.1.0. For all other versions, use the latest version
of Demeteorizer.

This is because the `bundle` command changed in 0.9 which makes backward
compatibility impossible. :(

## Examples
Convert the Meteor app in the current directory and output to ./.demeteorized

    $ demeteorizer

Convert the Meteor app in the current directory and output to
~/meteor-app/converted

    $ demeteorizer -o ~/meteor-app/converted

## Running Resulting App
Meteor apps make use of the following environment variables:

1. `MONGO_URL='mongodb://user:password@host:port/databasename?autoReconnect=true'`
1. `ROOT_URL='http://example.com'`
1. `MAIL_URL='smtp://user:password@mailhost:port/' (optional)`
1. `PORT=8080 (optional, defaults to 80)`

Note that demeteorized applications still require a MongoDB connection in order
to correctly run. To run your demeteorized application locally, you will need
MongoDB [installed](http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/installation/) and running.

Run the app:

    $ cd /your/output/directory
    $ npm install
    $ MONGO_URL=mongodb://localhost:27017/test PORT=8080 ROOT_URL=http://localhost:8080 node main

## Full Example
The following steps will create a Meteor example app, convert it, and run it.

    $ meteor create --example leaderboard
    $ cd leaderboard
    $ demeteorizer
    $ cd .demeteorized
    $ npm install
    $ MONGO_URL=[your-url] PORT=8080 ROOT_URL=http://localhost:8080 node main.js

## Tarball
The --tarball option can be used to create a tar.gz of the application instead
of putting the converted app in a directory.

    $ demeteorizer --tarball /path/to/tarball.tar.gz

## Debug
The --debug option is passed to the meteor bundle command indicating to meteor
that the application should not be minified.

    $ demeteorizer --debug

## Support
Demeteorizer has been tested with the current Meteor example apps. If you find
an app that doesn't convert correctly, throw an issue in Github -
[https://github.com/onmodulus/demeteorizer/issues](https://github.com/onmodulus/demeteorizer/issues)

## Release History
See [releases](https://github.com/onmodulus/demeteorizer/releases).

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Modulus

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

added a note regarding errors on Windows
Added a note regarding permissions errors when running on Windows along
with a workaround for users unable to upgrade past their current version.

Closes #124

README.md, after:

Demeteorizer
============

[![NPM version](https://badge.fury.io/js/demeteorizer.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/demeteorizer) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/onmodulus/demeteorizer.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/onmodulus/demeteorizer)

CLI tool to convert a Meteor app into a "standard" Node.js application. The
resulting app contains a package.json file with all required dependencies and
can be easily ported to your own servers or
[Node.js PAAS providers](https://github.com/joyent/node/wiki/Node-Hosting).

Demeteorizer's output is similar to `meteor bundle` except that it generates a
package.json containing all required dependencies. This allows you to easily
run `npm install` on the destination server, which is especially important for
compiled modules.

## Installing
    $ npm install -g demeteorizer

## Usage
    $ cd /path/to/meteor/app
    $ demeteorizer [options]

    -h, --help                    output usage information
    -V, --version                 output the version number
    -o, --output <path>           Output folder for converted application. Defaults to ./.demeteorized.
    -r, --release <version>       The Meteor version. Defaults to latest installed.
    -t, --tarball <path>          Output tarball path. If specified, creates a tar.gz of demeteorized application instead of directory.
    -a, --app_name <name>         Value to put in the package.json name field. Defaults to the current directory name.
    -d, --debug                   Bundle in debug mode (don't minify, etc).

## Windows Support

Demeteorizer works on Windows; however, errors will occur when repeatedly
running demeteorizer in Node.js versions
[prior to 0.12.4](https://github.com/joyent/node/issues/3006).

The workaround on earlier versions on Node.js is to delete to generated
`.demeteorized` directory before rerunning demeteorizer.

## Meteor 0.8.1 and Below

Meteor version 0.8.1 and below are only supported in Demeteorizer version
v0.9.0 and Modulus CLI v1.1.0. For all other versions, use the latest version
of Demeteorizer.

This is because the `bundle` command changed in 0.9 which makes backward
compatibility impossible. :(

## Examples
Convert the Meteor app in the current directory and output to ./.demeteorized

    $ demeteorizer

Convert the Meteor app in the current directory and output to
~/meteor-app/converted

    $ demeteorizer -o ~/meteor-app/converted

## Running Resulting App
Meteor apps make use of the following environment variables:

1. `MONGO_URL='mongodb://user:password@host:port/databasename?autoReconnect=true'`
1. `ROOT_URL='http://example.com'`
1. `MAIL_URL='smtp://user:password@mailhost:port/' (optional)`
1. `PORT=8080 (optional, defaults to 80)`

Note that demeteorized applications still require a MongoDB connection in order
to correctly run. To run your demeteorized application locally, you will need
MongoDB [installed](http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/installation/) and running.

Run the app:

    $ cd /your/output/directory
    $ npm install
    $ MONGO_URL=mongodb://localhost:27017/test PORT=8080 ROOT_URL=http://localhost:8080 node main

## Full Example
The following steps will create a Meteor example app, convert it, and run it.

    $ meteor create --example leaderboard
    $ cd leaderboard
    $ demeteorizer
    $ cd .demeteorized
    $ npm install
    $ MONGO_URL=[your-url] PORT=8080 ROOT_URL=http://localhost:8080 node main.js

## Tarball
The --tarball option can be used to create a tar.gz of the application instead
of putting the converted app in a directory.

    $ demeteorizer --tarball /path/to/tarball.tar.gz

## Debug
The --debug option is passed to the meteor bundle command indicating to meteor
that the application should not be minified.

    $ demeteorizer --debug

## Support
Demeteorizer has been tested with the current Meteor example apps. If you find
an app that doesn't convert correctly, throw an issue in Github -
[https://github.com/onmodulus/demeteorizer/issues](https://github.com/onmodulus/demeteorizer/issues)

## Release History
See [releases](https://github.com/onmodulus/demeteorizer/releases).

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Modulus

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
